WRP-19328: Updated glob dependency to the latest major version (#29)
enactjs/jsdoc-to-ts: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## [unreleased]

> * Updated `glob` to the latest major version `^10.3.1` and refactored code to use async functions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated `glob` to the latest major version `^10.3.1` and refactored code to use promises instead of callbacks. 
```

> * Updated `glob` to the latest major version `^10.3.1` and refactored code to use promises instead of callbacks. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Updated `glob` to the latest major version `^10.3.1` and refactored code. 
```
Changelog should write a short 'what to do'.
You don't have to write down 'how to do' in detail.
